Support VRCSDK 3.5.0 (#787)
anatawa12/AvatarOptimizer: CHANGELOG-PRERELEASE.md

## [Unreleased]
### Added
- Support for VRCSDK 3.5.x `#787`

>   - Actually, previous version of AAO work well in with VRCSDK 3.5.x / Unity 2022 with tiny bugs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Actually, previous version of AAO works well with VRCSDK 3.5.x / Unity 2022 with tiny bugs.
```

  - I've fixed some bugs in Unity 2022 in this release.
  - Since this version, package.json declares Avatar Optimizer is compatible with VRCSDK 3.5.x.
  - I was planned to release this changes while VRCSDK 3.5.0 is in beta.

>   - However, VRCSDK 3.5.x beta was only 3 hours so I could not. 

Reviewer: 3.5.xなのか3.5.0なのかという感じはある

Author: 3.5.0 betaだね
```suggestion
  - However, VRCSDK 3.5.0 beta was only 3 hours so I could not. 
```
